docs/memlim.md, before:

# Memory Limiting

Each of the individual services within the sidecar has a default
memory limit. The memory limit is a maximum number of bytes that a service is 
allowed to consume. This is useful to prevent a single service from consuming
all available memory on the container and causing other services to fail as a
result. Currently, each "wire" service has a default memory limit of `512MB`
while other services are limited to `128MB`.

Users can override the default memory limits if desired by setting various 
environment variables as detailed below.

## Environment Variables

The following environment variables can be set to override the default memory
limits.

Wires (default `512MB` since `v4.15.1` and `128MB` on all previous versions):

* `CYRAL_DREMIO_WIRE_MAX_MEM`
* `CYRAL_DYNAMODB_WIRE_MAX_MEM`
* `CYRAL_MONGODB_WIRE_MAX_MEM`
* `CYRAL_MYSQL_WIRE_MAX_MEM`
* `CYRAL_ORACLE_WIRE_MAX_MEM`
* `CYRAL_PG_WIRE_MAX_MEM`
* `CYRAL_S3_WIRE_MAX_MEM`
* `CYRAL_SNOWFLAKE_WIRE_MAX_MEM`
* `CYRAL_SQLSERVER_WIRE_MAX_MEM`

Misc. services (default `128MB`):

* `ALERTER_MAX_SYS_SIZE_MB`
* `CYRAL_AUTHENTICATOR_MAX_SYS_SIZE_MB`
* `FORWARD_PROXY_MAX_SYS_SIZE_MB`
* `NGINX_PROXY_HELPER_MAX_SYS_SIZE_MB`
* `SERVICE_MONITOR_MAX_SYS_SIZE_MB`

Values should be set in megabytes (`MB`). For example, to set the memory limit
for the PostgreSQL wire service to `1GB`, set `CYRAL_PG_WIRE_MAX_MEM=1024`.

The environment variables passed to the sidecar container are set in the file
`/home/ec2-user/.env`. Any changes to the memory limits as environment variables
should be made in this file (see next section).

Commit message:

Refactor memory limits page (#27)
* Refactor memory limits page

* Adjust examples to make it easier to read

docs/memlim.md, after:

# Memory Limiting

Each of the individual services within the sidecar has a default
memory limit. The memory limit is a maximum number of bytes that a service is 
allowed to consume. This is useful to prevent a single service from consuming
all available memory on the container and causing other services to fail as a
result.

Refer to the [Memory Limits](https://cyral.com/docs/sidecars/deployment/memory-limits)
page of our public docs for more details.

In order to change the memory limits for your sidecar container, override the
default settings using the [environment variables](https://cyral.com/docs/sidecars/deployment/memory-limits#environment-variables)
detailed in our public docs.

The following is an example to increase the memory limit of the PostgreSQL
wire service to `1GB` on the call to the express installer. The environment
variable with the new configuration can be provided to the express installer
by prepending the command retrieved from the Cyral control plane as follows:


```bash
CYRAL_PG_WIRE_MAX_MEM=1024 CLIENT_ID=<client-id> CLIENT_SECRET=-<client-secret> SIDECAR_ID=<sidecar-id> CONTROL_PLANE=<control-plane> bash -c "$(curl -fsSL https://raw.githubusercontent.com/cyral-quickstart/quickstart-sidecar-express/main/install-sidecar.sh)"
```

An environment file can also be used to configure the memory limits for the services.
The following is an example file to set the memory limit for the PostgreSQL and SQLServer
wires services to `1GB`:

```bash
CYRAL_PG_WIRE_MAX_MEM=1024
CYRAL_SQLSERVER_WIRE_MAX_MEM=1024
```

The initialization parameter `ENV_FILE_PATH` can be used to provide the path to
the environment file to the express installer. Assuming the file is stored in
`/Users/root/env_sidecar`, the new configuration can be provided as follows:

```bash
ENV_FILE_PATH=/Users/root/env_sidecar CLIENT_ID=<client-id> CLIENT_SECRET=-<client-secret> SIDECAR_ID=<sidecar-id> CONTROL_PLANE=<control-plane> bash -c "$(curl -fsSL https://raw.githubusercontent.com/cyral-quickstart/quickstart-sidecar-express/main/install-sidecar.sh)"
```
